>> Brian Holt: So now, we want to
integrate this into search, right.
Because we want to share
it across search and
across details, but
we kind of have a bit of a problem, right.
Because the header on
search is slightly different than
the header that's going to be on details.
So, we need this kind of
conditional ability to show some
parts of the component onto search and
show different parts of
the component on details.
So, we're gonna make this kind of
conditional logic inside of search, sorry,
inside of header.
So, let's go back to,
let's see, into header.
Header.js.
>> Brian Holt: So, we're gonna show you
first of all one of the annoyances to me
about ES6 classes.
I would love to be able to put propTypes,
right here.
Unfortunately, ES6 classes
don't have properties yet.
There is no way to put properties
on header directly like this.
So, the way you have
to do it is down here,
after we're gonna say
Header.propTypes equals objects.
>> Brian Holt: I find this kind of a gross
interface, but that's just the way it is.
So, we are up here.
We'll pull out func, bool and
string, and we're gonna say,
handleSearchTermChange, it's
gonna be a func,
showSearchTerm, showSearch rather.
It's going to be a bool, and
searchTerm: it's going to be a string.
So func, functions.
The reason why they can't put function
there is you might've guessed,
function is a reserved word.
And I believe, bool is for
similar reasons is Boolean.
Oops, that needs to be equals.
React.propTypes.
>> Brian Holt: This Boolean.
>> Speaker 2: Diego's asking can
that be put into a constructor?
>> Brian Holt: The answer is no.
[LAUGHS] The reason why that can't be it,
because this needs to go
on the static prototype.
Which and this is how you put
it on the static prototype.
If I put it inside the construction,
it's going to be on the instance.
And it's a fine difference,
but it does make a difference.
>> Brian Holt: That's a good question.
>> Brian Holt: And we were using,
well actually, I don't.
So one of the other differences,
I'm just going to tell you real quick.
I don't think we'll actually see it,
but we're used to seeing getInitialState,
right?
That's not how ES6 components do it.
They try and draw within the lines, and
have a constructor,
>> Brian Holt: And
the constructor gets passed props,
and then you have to say, super props.
>> Brian Holt: And then, you say,
this.state equals blah, right?
That's just how,
that how it works with ES6
components,
>> Brian Holt: The other thing,
I don't think you're actually gonna
see here, so say I had a method.
This is the part that bugs me
the most about ES 6 components.
Say, I had some method, right?
>> Brian Holt: And
I wanna say, this.setState.
>> Brian Holt: Blah goes to string, right?
And then, I have this as like,
onChange = Some this.someMethod.
>> Brian Holt: So, here's my biggest
annoyance with ES6 components, and
why I usually don't elect to use them.
Some math, jeez.
Okay, so some method.
Whenever this onChange happens,
it's gonna call this method right here.
When you use Reactor to create class it
does auto binding of context for you,
so this is always going to refer
to Header, right, the component.
And ES6 classes do not auto
bind your methods for you.
So, you have to somehow get
that context to be correct.
The quote, unquote easy way
to do this is .bind(this).
However, this is super
imperformant because
this render method gets called hundreds
of times, thousands of times, right?
So, it's gonna call bind every single
time, and bind is not cheap, right?
And so, what you actually have to
do is here, inside of your header,
you just have to have a bunch
of these gross this.someMethod =
this.someMethod.bind this, and then down
here you don't have to do that anymore.
>> Speaker 3: Can't you, I mean-
>> Brian Holt: There's other way,
you can do it with-
>> Speaker 3: Can you do stuff up to,
I haven't done JavaScript, but
you do in a struct you say, self = this,
and then, just use the close issue,
self.someMethod instead-
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, but
that's really gross too.
[LAUGH] I mean there are other
tricks like that to get around it.
>> Brian Holt: That self-pattern is kinda
frowned upon in the JavaScript community.
>> Speaker 2: Comment from chat.
They're talking about where
you're down at the bottom
of where you're setting
the PropTypes on Header.
Basically saying,
could this be put at the top?
>> Brian Holt: Nope.
>> Speaker 2: You have to define
the class before you can set
the extra prop types, right?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I've got to
remember what kind of hoist is on there.
>> Speaker 2: Because this
doesn't do the right hoisting.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, it's not going
to hoist it, I don't believe.
>> Brian Holt: I guess, we can try.
Okay, so I'm gonna get rid of
all this grossness right here.
Because we don't actually need it.
I just wanted to demonstrate
to you the difference.
>> Brian Holt: So, that's why I go,
I'll and answer the question, but
this is why I go with createClass,
is that autobinding is just so nice.
I don't have to worry about context,
right?
And that to me that's worth,
I don't know, not using the ES6 classes.
Okay, I don't think we can move it,
but we'll try.
You know what?
I think our link will yell at us.
Maybe.
>> Brian Holt: Maybe not.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, header's undefined.
That's what you get.
>> Brian Holt: I'm not sure of all the
hoisting rules that come with classes cuz
I don't really like classes,
so I generally don't use them.
>> Speaker 2: So, there's a whole
bunch of questions across about this.
What does this.sum method equals this.sum
method.bind this exactly do internally?
>> Brian Holt: All it's doing
is it's taking this.sum method,
which is a method that we defined, right?
And it's replacing it with a new method
with a bound context of what it was
previously, which is abstract, I know.
But there's nothing different than saying,
var double = function
that takes in a number,
>> Brian Holt: And returns num*2, right?
Then I could say,
double = double.bind(this).
So, bind is just, that's an ES5 function.
That's not this, sorry.
Double
>> Brian Holt: This is a stupid
example, right?
But now,
>> Brian Holt: No,
you would do this, whatever.
This is a bad example,
I'm gonna delete it.
>> Brian Holt: But it's an ES5
method that just binds the context.
So this,
whenever you call it in any context,
always refers to whatever this
was when you called bind.
That's the gist of it.
If you want a more in-depth explanation, I
would say check out one of Kyle Simpson's
courses on front end masters, read one
of his books, read a blog post on it.
>> Speaker 4: ES6 stuff?
>> Brian Holt: For bok.bind.
>> Speaker 4: .bind, yeah.
Advanced JavaScript
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, that's JavaScript.
>> Speaker 2: Lots of questions
about possibly using arrow notation,
it removes the bind issue.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, it does.
But the issue is, that's not
officially part of JavaScript yet.
So, you're getting into
the class properties, right?
Class properties,
I don't believe are part of the spec yet.
They're going to be part of the spec,
because, Lord knows, we need them.
And if you use the arrow function,
you would side step this problem.
But until we actually get
those natively available,
I don't use them.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
talking about using Babble stage two.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, don't.
That's why I, so, in stage two is fun for
messing around with, but dear God,
do not ship stage two to production, or
else you're going to have a bad time.
If you want a good story about that
you should tweet @jimyoung [LAUGH] and
ask him about shipping stage zero code,
that's a good story.